Adds spo file roleinheritance break command. Closes #3593 (#3753)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/file/file-roleinheritance-break.md

# spo file roleinheritance break

> Breaks inheritance of file. Keeping existing permissions is the default behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Breaks inheritance of a file. Keeping existing permissions is the default behavior.
```

## Usage

```sh
m365 spo file roleinheritance break [options]
```

## Options

`-u, --webUrl <webUrl>`

> : URL of the site where the item for which to break role inheritance is located

Reviewer: Personally I find this description a bit too verbose. We shouldn't repeat what this command is doing in every description 😊

```suggestion
: URL of the site where the file is located
```

`--fileUrl [fileUrl]`

> : The server-relative URL of the file to retrieve. Specify either url or id but not both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The server-relative URL of the file. Specify either `fileUrl` or `fileId` but not both
```

`i, --fileId [fileId]`

> : The UniqueId (GUID) of the file to retrieve. Specify either url or id but not both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The UniqueId (GUID) of the file. Specify either `fileUrl` or `fileId` but not both
```

`-c, --clearExistingPermissions`

> : Set to clear existing roles from the list item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Clear all existing permissions from the file
```

`--confirm`
: Don't prompt for confirmation

--8<-- "docs/cmd/_global.md"

## Examples

> Break inheritance of file with id (UniqueId) _b2307a39-e878-458b-bc90-03bc578531d6_ located in site _https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x_

Reviewer: Let's make this less verbose

```suggestion
Break the inheritance of a file with a specific id (UniqueId)
```

```sh
m365 spo file roleinheritance break --webUrl "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x" --fileId "b2307a39-e878-458b-bc90-03bc578531d6"
```

> Break inheritance of file with id (UniqueId) _b2307a39-e878-458b-bc90-03bc578531d6_ located in site _https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x_ with clearing permissions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Break the inheritance of a file with a specific id (UniqueId) and clear all existing permissions
```

```sh
m365 spo file roleinheritance break --webUrl "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x" --fileId "b2307a39-e878-458b-bc90-03bc578531d6" --clearExistingPermissions
```

> Break inheritance of file with server-relative url _/sites/project-x/documents/Test1.docx_ located in site _https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Break the inheritance of a file with a specific server-relative URL
```

```sh
m365 spo file roleinheritance break --webUrl "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x" --fileUrl "/sites/project-x/documents/Test1.docx"
```

> Break inheritance of file with server-relative url _/sites/project-x/documents/Test1.docx_ located in site _https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/project-x_ with clearing permissions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Break the inheritance of a file with a specific server-relative URL and clear all existing permissions
```
